Of all the lessons taught by the financial crisis, the most personal has been that we aren't so good at money-management. We get a loan of money we cannot afford. We run up sky-high credit-card debt. We don't save nearly enough for retirement.
In response, supporters of financial-literacy education are moving with renewed enthusiasm. School districts in states such as New Jersey and Illinois are adding money management courses to their curriculum (课程). The education departments are sending lesson plans to high schools and encouraging students to compete in the National Financial Capability Challenge that begins in March.
Students with top scores on the exam will receive certificates, but chances for long-term benefits are slim. As it turns out, there is little evidence that traditional efforts to push ahead financial know-how help make better decisions outside the classroom. Even as the financial-literacy movement has gained steam over the past decade, scores have been falling on tests that measure how well students learn about things such as budgeting, credit cards, insurance and investments. A recent survey of college students conducted for Personal Financial Literacy found that students who'd had a personal-finance or money-management course in high school scored no better than those who hadn't.
“We need to figure out how to do this the right way,” says Lewis Mandell, a professor at the University of Washington who after 15 years of studying financial-literacy programs has come to the conclusion that current methods don't work. A growing number of researchers and educators agree that a more efficient approach is needed. They suggest starting financial education a lot earlier than high school, putting real money and spending decisions into kids’ hands and talking openly about the emotions and social influences tied to how we spend.
Other initiatives (初步行动) are dealing with such real-world issues as the commercial and social pressures that affect purchasing . Why exactly do you want those expensive brand-name shoes so badly? “It takes confidence to take a stand and to think differently,” says Jeroo Billimoria, founder of Aflatoun, a professor whose curriculum, used in more than 16 countries, aims to help kids go through difficulties in their financial lives. “This goes beyond money and savings.”