### Passage Three
Last week, I read a story about a 34-year-old British woman who is extremely afraid of metal forks. She’s been using plastic ones for 17 years because the sound of a fork rubbing against a plate gives her a panic attack.

Strange, right? But she’s not alone. While popular phobias(恐惧症) about snakes and spiders might get all of the attention, there are a wide variety of not-so-obvious horrors that make people nervous.

While some phobias might seem a bit silly, they can cause serious emotional distress. My co-worker Magda is terrified of pigeons, a phobia that is taking over her life. She won’t walk in certain parts of the city and runs screaming from the subway when one of these “rats with wings” finds its way onto the platform. Another friend is disgusted with cheese. Once I saw her run away from a slice of it. So where does an irrational fear of cheese come from?

Are phobias something we inherit from our genes or do we acquire these unusual anxieties over time?

Ever since I can remember I have been unreasonably frightened of elevators. There was no terrible childhood experience and I am fine with confined spaces, but something about elevators makes me nervous. And so, when my boyfriend and I found ourselves trapped in an elevator last year—because these sorts of things always happen eventually—I was anticipating the worst.

While he gave me a suggestive eyebrow raise and proposed we “take advantage of the situation,” I began screaming uncontrollably. I was far from turned on by the whole facing my worst nightmare thing.

However, after the fear subsided(消退) I realized that, yes, this was my greatest fear come true, and yet—it wasn’t all that bad. Nervous and inconvenient maybe, but terrifying? Not so much.

Liberating yourself from a deep-seated phobia can be a long and difficult process, but sometimes it can be as simple as confronting it head on.

31. The 34-year-old British woman is extremely afraid of metal forks because ______.
A. she has never used them before
B. she has been injured by them before
C. she couldn’t bear their sound on plate
D. she is afraid that they may hurt her

32. The phrase “rats with wings” (Para. 3) refers to ______.
A. strange birds
B. pigeons
C. devils
D. exotic rats

33. The author’s fear of elevators is the result of ______.
A. her phobia for no reason
B. her nervousness of being alone
C. her dislike of being in closed spaces
D. her terrible experience

34. After the fear subsided, the author realized that ______.
A. her boyfriend’s help was important
B. she could have had a good time with her boyfriend
C. an elevator ride could be exciting
D. it was not as horrible as she had thought

35. The purpose for the author to share her experience is to ______.
A. illustrate conquering a fear can be difficult
B. encourage people to overcome their fears
C. introduce what strange fears people have
D. explain why people have strange fears

---

### Passage Four
The American public’s obsession with dieting has led to one of the most dangerous health misconceptions of all times. Many television ads, movies, magazine articles, and diet-food product labels would have consumers believe that carbohydrates (碳水化合物) are bad for the human body and that those who eat them will quickly become overweight. We are advised to avoid foods such as potatoes, rice and white bread and opt for meats and vegetables instead. Some companies promote this idea to encourage consumers to buy their "carb-free" food products. But the truth is, the human body needs carbohydrates to function properly, and a body that relies on carbohydrates but is **exhausted** of this dietary element is not in good shape after all.

Most foods that we consume on a daily basis like potatoes and rice are loaded with carbohydrates. Contrary to popular belief, carbohydrates have many health benefits: some fight diseases such as high blood pressure and heart disease, and others help to prevent cancer and stroke. Cutting these foods out of your diet may deprive your body of the many health benefits of carbohydrates.

One of the best benefits of carbohydrates is their ability to help to maintain the health of our organs, tissues, and cells. Scientific studies have shown that one type of carbohydrate called fiber reduces the risk of heart disease. Carbohydrates also contain antioxidants (抗氧化剂), which protect the body's cells from harmful particles with the potential to cause cancer.

This does not mean that the human body can survive on a diet composed entirely of carbohydrates. We also need certain percentages of proteins and fats to maintain healthy bodies. But carbohydrates certainly should not be avoided altogether. In fact, the food pyramid, the recommended basis of a healthy diet, shows that a person should consume six to eleven servings of breads and grains, as well as three to four servings each of fruits and vegetables—all carbohydrate-containing foods. It is easy to see why cutting carbohydrates out of a person's diet is not a good idea.

The only way to know what is truly healthy for your own body is to talk to a nutritionist or dietician, who can help you choose foods that are right for you as well as guide you toward a proper exercise program for weight loss, or muscle gain. These professionals will never tell you to cut out carbohydrates entirely! The bottom line: listen to the experts, not the advertisers!

36. As is used in Paragraph I, the word "exhausted" most possibly means ______.
A. derived
B. deprived
C. startled
D. starving

37. According to the author, advertisers who sell "carb-free" products ______.
A. offer healthy options
B. are responsible for obesity
C. are not telling the truth
D. value consumers’ well-being

38. Which of the following is NOT one of the health benefits of carbohydrates?
A. Prevention of fiber reduction.
B. Prevention of heart disease.
C. Prevention of stroke.
D. Prevention of cancer.

39. It can be inferred from the passage that a healthy diet ______.

---

### Part IV Cloze (10 points)
Directions: In this part, there is a passage with ten blanks. For each blank there are four choices marked A, B, C, and D. Choose the best answer for each blank and mark your answer on the Answer Sheet.

Ironically, a study finds that we’re awful gift-givers precisely because we spend too much time trying to be considerate. We imagine our friends 46 a gift that is impressive, expensive, and sentimental. We imagine the look of happiness and surprise on their faces and the warmth we feel 47. But there’s something that the most sentimental-gift-givers tend not to think too much about: 48 the gift is practical in the first place.

49, practicality seems like an enemy of great gift giving. Beautiful jewelry, lovely watches, perfect rugs, finely crafted kitchen hardware: These things 50 great gifts because they communicate something beyond practicality. They communicate that the giver cares.

But do the receivers care? Often, no. “Gift receivers would be 51 if givers gave them exactly what they requested 52 attempting to be ‘thoughtful and considerate’ by buying gifts they did not explicitly request” to surprise them, the researchers write. Their clever paper asks givers and receivers to 53 gifts from two perspectives: desirability (e.g. the cost of a coffee maker) and feasibility (e.g. the 54 of the coffee maker). Across several experiments, they find that givers consistently give gifts based on desirability and receivers 55 favor gifts based on feasibility.

46. A. to open B. opening C. have opened D. opened
47. A. in person B. in turn C. in place D. in return
48. A. Whether B. When C. Why D. How
49. A. To be sure B. To sum up C. In many ways D. In many cases
50. A. work out B. lead to C. make for D. take up
51. A. happier B. more surprised C. happy D. surprised
52. A. regardless of B. rather than C. as to D. but for
53. A. decide B. classify C. select D. measure
54. A. look B. quality C. cost D. ease
55. A. unexpectedly B. whereas C. nevertheless D. continuously
